Update raw-template BBE to remove external dependency (#5749)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/raw-templates/raw_templates.md

# Raw templates

> Raw template expressions are backtick templates without a tag (such as `string` or `xml`). This is a sequence of characters interleaved with interpolations within a pair of backticks (in the form`${expression}`). The result of evaluating such a raw template is a `RawTemplate` object that has two fields `(readonly & string[]) strings` and `(any|error)[] insertions`. The `strings` array will have string literals in the backtick string broken at interpolations and the `insertions` array will have the resultant values of evaluating each interpolation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raw template expressions are backtick templates without a tag (such as `string` or `xml`). This is a sequence of characters interleaved with interpolations within a pair of backticks (in the form `${expression}`). The result of evaluating such a raw template is a `RawTemplate` object that has two fields `(readonly & string[]) strings` and `(any|error)[] insertions`. The `strings` array will have string literals in the backtick string broken at interpolations and the `insertions` array will have the resultant values of evaluating each interpolation.
```

Raw template expressions are backtick templates without a tag (such as `string` or `xml`). This is a sequence of characters interleaved with interpolations within a pair of backticks (in the form `${expression}`). The result of evaluating such a raw template is a `RawTemplate` object that has two fields `(readonly & string[]) strings` and `(any|error)[] insertions`. The `strings` array will have string literals in the backtick string broken at interpolations and the `insertions` array will have the resultant values of evaluating each interpolation.

- an `array` of the `strings` separated by insertions
- an `array` of the results of expression evaluation and an `array` of `strings` separating

> >**Important use case:** SQL parameters.

Author: Fixed

> If you want to control the type of values used for interpolation more precisely, you can define an object type that includes the `RawTemplate` type and give a narrower type for the `insertions` fields. Then, the compiler will statically verify that the corresponding values used for interpolation belong to the desired type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to control the type of values used for interpolation more precisely, you can define an object type that includes the `object:RawTemplate` type and give a narrower type for the `insertions` fields. Then, the compiler will statically verify that the corresponding values used for interpolation belong to the desired type.
```

# Raw templates

Raw template expressions are backtick templates without a tag (such as `string` or `xml`). This is a sequence of characters interleaved with interpolations within a pair of backticks (in the form `${expression}`). The result of evaluating such a raw template is an `object:RawTemplate` object that has two fields `(readonly & string[]) strings` and `(any|error)[] insertions`. The `strings` array will have string literals in the backtick string broken at interpolations and the `insertions` array will have the resultant values of evaluating each interpolation.

If you want to control the type of the strings or the interpolations more precisely, you can define an object type that includes the `object:RawTemplate` type and override the relevant field(s) with narrower types. Then, the compiler will statically validate the values against the expected type(s).

> A common use case for raw templates is to create SQL queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important use case of custom raw templates is SQL parameterized queries.
```

# Raw templates

> Raw template is a backtick string without a tag (such as `string` or `xml`). Backtick string is a sequence of characters interleaved with interpolations (`${expression}`), wrapped by a pair of backticks. The result of evaluating such a raw template is a `RawTemplate` object that has two fields `(readonly & string[]) strings` and `(any|error)[] insertions`.  `strings` array will have string literals in the backtick string broken at interpolations and `insertions` array will have the resultant value of evaluating each interpolation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Raw template is a backtick string without a tag (such as `string` or `xml`). Backtick string is a sequence of characters interleaved with interpolations (`${expression}`), wrapped by a pair of backticks. The result of evaluating such a raw template is a `RawTemplate` object that has two fields `(readonly & string[]) strings` and `(any|error)[] insertions`.`strings` array will have string literals in the backtick string broken at interpolations and `insertions` array will have the resultant value of evaluating each interpolation.
```

Reviewer: Shall we keep bakctick template instead of string? May be misinterpreted to be a string.

```suggestion
Raw template expressions are backtick templates without a tag (such as `string` or `xml`). This is a sequence of characters interleaved with interpolations within a pair of backticks (in the form`${expression}`). The result of evaluating such a raw template is a `RawTemplate` object that has two fields `(readonly & string[]) strings` and `(any|error)[] insertions`.  The `strings` array will have string literals in the backtick string broken at interpolations and the `insertions` array will have the resultant values of evaluating each interpolation.
```

::: code raw_templates.bal :::

> ::: out raw_templates.out :::

Reviewer 2: Shall we add references to the tagged templates
